On Compliant Strength Amplification Control for Exoskeletons using Human-Interface Force/Torque Feedback

Contributions: 
1	The 1-parameter human strength amplification filter, and the associated theory.
2	The weighted 1-norm static controller

Short:

	Amplifying the strength of a human operator during unpredictable human-directed movements is a relevant capability for several proposed exoskeleton applications, including mobility augmentation, manual material handling, tool operation, and capability platform. 

	We consider the controls problem of achieving this capability using feedback from force/torque sensors at the human--machine interface.

	The stability of the machine when in contact with the human is the most important constraint.

	We propose a controller that combines task-level compliance shaping---a Bode plot based approach to practical impedance control---with prioritized and constrained task control using a multi-contact floating base robot model.

	The compliance shaping allows us to design amplification behaviors that are stable in conjunction with recently developed human impedance models.

	And the task control allows us to generalize to the multi-DOF case with various foot contact configurations and human-led contact switching.

	Unlike controllers and augmentation systems designed for repetitive tasks (e.g. walking), this is a task-agnostic approach with no phase measurement or need for a task classifier system.

	We use an active lower-body exoskeleton designed as a prototype capability platform to demonstrate that the controller can reduce human effort (interface forces) for both known and unknown payloads.

Outline:
	On Compliant Strength Amplification Control for Exoskeletons using Human-Interface Force/Torque Feedback
Intro:
	Many kinds of exoskeletons -> we study the feedback controllers for the non-repetitive task type
	Payload amplification is to... -> Admittance control has flaws
	Strength amplification is to ... -> Human models are important to prove stability
	Endurance amplification -> Hard to extend the phase-based techniques to aperiodic behaviors
	This paper...
	Series Elastic Robots -> Series Elastic Exoskeletons
	Relationship to compliance shaping
== Fig. Sagit on the stairs
	Relationship to multi-contact
	Relationship to other publications
Theory of Strength Amplification:
== Tab. Nomenclature
	Introduce idea of ideal amplificaiton
	Shaping the operator's felt dynamics
	Ideal amplification law results in...
1-Norm Prioritized Minimization Problem for Control
== Fig. 1-norm
	This is just an increase in complication
	Kp gets to be a transfer function
	Multi-contact is a complication
	Goal of the multi-contact system
	EOM
  Static Equilibrium Sagittarius Model
== Fig. Interface sensors/OPtimization
  	We can ignore the dynamics somewhat
  	Everything is locked in the equilibrium
  	What happens to the ground inequality
  	Virtual base
  	Matrix inversion to solve
  	Result allows us to penalize f_d
  Actuator-Mapped Reaction Force Space
    We do linear algebra to express things as functions of torques
    Reformulated dynamics
    Saving space with dynamically consistent pseudoinverses
    reaction forces due to torques (and actually J is invertible)
  Statement of the Optimization Problem
    Here it is, in terms of tau + here's why we use 1 norm
    Contact constraints and inequalitites, "trusting the human"
  Designing the Amplification Task to be Stable
== Fig. Bode plot of design


== Fig. Force comparison (4x3 graphs) + video screen shots
== Fig. Step transitions 



