Hard to easy axis. hard first.

Fundamental content paragraphs for section V left unwritten (this is the 1-norm WBC section)
The intro to the compliance shaping tools needs work. Human phase margin concept deserves a better introduction
Appendix A is empty. I did the math not too long ago and I can definitely make a clear point for moving away from the old strategy.
Some paragraphs have been moved around and are not yet integrated into the sections they landed in.
Add more applications thoughts to the discussion
need a paragraph and table about the priority choices and what we ran with
no paragraph for the 1-norm figure yet
Tie the tuning paragraph to the figure more closely
Safety features should get a paragraph
Incomplete nomenclature table for section V
Fix the weird printing of the one parameter tuning plot (you may not see this on the computer, but it happens on the lab printer)
Needs more intro citations on transition strategies and inequality constraints (Kajita?)
Add mention to teleoperation scattering theory
Experimental graph figure needs a redraw with statistics and better line visibility
Rviz still needs a legend (example of how this might look included)
Emphasize the importance of the human damping in stabilizing the system
Units in the compliance plots?

new homework:
Figure 1 top left
Emphasize/celebrate equation 5 (law of ideal amplification)
stop reusing lambda dn Labmda
Add etq to equation 9
Complete table 3 and 4
Dot for multiplication in eq 26
Explain fig 4
Add a new subsection to V so that there is not a singleton subsection
remove parenthesis before equation 39
reduce size of figure 6 a bit (not too much)
Remake figure 7 to look better
Complete discussion
Binghan writes appendix A
Add detailed caption for figure 8

even newer ideas:
split II into the ideal amplification task with no mention of the robot, as a simple 1-D thing. Then explain how tasks are like massless 1-dimensional robots which are connected to the main robot by a lagrangian constraint, where the lagrange multiplier is the ``task force''.
